[Music]
in life we all have to make choices
whether it is to chase our dreams or to
find a great place to eat
sometimes the need to make a choice
happens all too suddenly and we have to
make sure it's the right one when you
choose icici lombard you lay your
worries down
whether you have a two wheeler or
four-wheeler we have your vehicle
insured we are with you through
difficult times and situations till the
end
you can take your vehicle to any garage
of your choice for repair for a hassle
free experience we recommend you to take
your vehicle to one of our partner
garages for a cashless settlement
with cashless claim you don't have to
worry about the repair payment the
repair expenses are paid directly to the
partner garage you only need to pay for
the expenses not covered as an added
benefit of choosing our partner garage
the rest of the process of the claim
will be taken care of by us the
advantages don't stop here you also get
a six-month guarantee on all repairs
for your ease there are multiple ways to
let us know about this incident you can
choose to intimate us through our app
the ielts daycare app will take care of
your motor claim process starting from
reporting a claim tracking progress all
the way till the settlement of your
claim
tap on claims in the home page
select the motor policy
and tap on report acclaim
download the app now for a seamless
experience
you can also call us on our toll-free
number 1-800-2666
and follow simple ivr instructions to
get your claim registered
another easy way to claim your motor
insurance is through whatsapp
simply send a hire to us in the number
provided and choose the right options
once your claim number is generated you
can start tracking your claim status on
our il take care app or through whatsapp
so you have intimated the claim in the
next step a claim manager is assigned to
you
you can now immediately upload the
supporting documents on il take care app
you can also upload the documents via
whatsapp or share it with your claim
manager after the documents are uploaded
the inspection process begins
the claim manager can assign a surveyor
to inspect your car
but as customer ease is always the top
priority at icici lombard we have
eliminated the need for a physical
survey with il take care apps instaspect
through instaspect you can get an
instant inspection of your vehicle via a
video call with your surveyor
the surveyor examines your vehicle to
assess the extent of the damages while
also getting your documents verified in
this process
instaspect's outcome is instant approval
once the vehicle reaches the garage the
repair begins
as the vehicle is being repaired you can
track the claim on il take care app or
whatsapp
once the repair is completed you will
immediately receive an sms on your
registered mobile number
the garage will then send the repair
bill to the claim manager your claim
manager adds the deductions to the
repair bill and calculates the final
amount your claim amount is then
finalized
if you have chosen one of our partner
garages the payment process is cashless
you will only have to pay for the
expense not covered in your policy
for non-partner carriages you pay the
full amount at the garage and get the
amount reimbursed
once the final bill is cleared the
vehicle is back in your hands
make your journey happy and safe and
your claims fully hassle-free with icici
lombard
you